# Compendium Monstrum Novis

It has been, since my boyhood days, a peculiar habit of mine to draw in margins, and other out of the way spaces, macabre beasts and impossible creatures. I gave little mind to these the diminutive monsters who would occassionally spring forth from my pen until it chanced that some leaf of my sketching paper loosed itself from its usual bindings and drifted about in the breeze with, as I recall, a particularly impudent flourish. This, in itself, would have been mere inconvienence, but the fact that my rascal art did this thing in the very misthshs of a garden party meant my paper was sieized upon instantly by the curious and I was questioned muchly as to its contents. Well, all praise to the muses who blessed my tongue that day for I was struck from the clear blue sky with a story to go with my little escaped beastie! As easily as if I was reading it from a page, I related this story to my now spellbound audience who were no less surprised then was I, I assure you!

Unusual though this was, I would have thought no more upon the matter if I had not, upon returning to my home after a grand party, paused to disencumber of my materials the study where there I was impregnated with the urge to look once more upon the little drawing who's mischief had occassioned me such a fine evening. A little chuckle of remembrance at the image of my audience enrapted upon my story, fell very much out of my mouth and upon to my toe like a weight of lead, for there before my eyes, written in a strange hand surrounding my drawing was, to the best of my ability to recall, the very words of the story I had spoken! I feel certain that you, dear reader wonder at my shocked reaction to this discover, for I'm sure your clever minds have already seized upon this solution, "Why, surely some forthoughtful party goer took pen to paper to record your words and nothing more." Well, my dear friend, this was the second thought that I had but...I was forced to immediately discard it because I knew, as you do not, that never during the course of my story, or the party afterwards did the sketch paper ever once leave my custody! There's no mundane way to explain how the words of my surely divine inspired story could have been so recorded. As there is also no mundane was to explain the contiued appearance of stories to go along with my drawings!